feat: initial commit support default values (#53)
larribas/dagger: docs/user-guide/dsl.md

!!! note
    Mixing decorated and undecorated functions may certainly be useful. __What's important is that you are able to distinguish between the things that will happen at build time and the things that will happen at runtime__.

## Default Values and Hardcoded Values

When defining DAGs and tasks, one can make use of python's default values. For example, the input of the DAG shown below has a default value, 1. The task `sum` has a default value, 2, for its second parameter, `b`. And this makes the DAG return 3 when invoked, if no arguments are passed.

```python
--8<-- "docs/code_snippets/default_values/imperative.py"
```

> One can also use hardcoded values for tasks and DAGs. Modifying a bit the previous example, `b` has now a hardcoded value, 3, which is used in place of its default value, 2. This makes now return 3 when invoked, if no arguments are passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can also use hardcoded values for tasks and DAGs. Modifying a bit the previous example, `b` has now a hardcoded value, 3, which is used in place of its default value, 2. Now, this makes the DAG return 4 when invoked, if no arguments are passed.
```

```python
--8<-- "docs/code_snippets/hardcoded_values/imperative.py"
```

> A more sophisticated example, a nested DAG with both default and hardcoded values, is shown below. In this case, the dag return the string `"10-2-20"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A more sophisticated example, a nested DAG with both default and hardcoded values, is shown below. In this case, running the DAG returns the string `"10-2-20"`.
```

```python
--8<-- "docs/code_snippets/default_hardcoded_values/imperative.py"

> ```

Reviewer: How about we indicate what the output of running each example would be? Just to make it extra clear that the behavior is the one the users are expecting

Author: done, resolving

- Iterate over the results of an invocation to parallelize the execution of a node.
- Add all the results of a partitioned node in a list and pass that list to a fan-in node.
- Return multiple outputs from the DAG by returning a dictionary of `#!python str -> node_output`.
- Parameter defaults for tasks, e.g. `#!python def my_task(a, b=2)` will use the default value `2` if `b` is not passed. The same is true for DAG parameters.

> - Pass hardcoded values to a DAG's task or another DAG, e.g. when a nested DAG has two parameters and one is hardcoded in the main DAG.

Reviewer: This line is not necessary. This functionality was already there in the second bullet point :)

Author: done, resolving
